README.md, before:

# Trade Shows scrapping tool

[![.github/workflows/python-app.yml](https://github.com/daniktl/tradeshows-scrape/actions/workflows/python-app.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/daniktl/tradeshows-scrape/actions/workflows/python-app.yml)


Simple scrapping tool for extracting exhibitors data from the trade shows pages.

Current features:
* base spider with generating start request[s].
* base exhibitor item with predefined fields (feel free to expand it with new fields).
* export-to-csv pipeline [crawls for each spider are grouped in the folders].


## Configuration

To use this tool, be sure to install all packages, mentioned in `requirements.txt` file.

## Development

To develop new spider you have to make the following steps:

* check if spider exists for this trade show.
* if not, create spider file in the `spiders` folder (let's keep the same convention here: `trade_show_name_spider.py`).
  * inherit after the `BaseSpider` which for now provides `start_requests` method.
  * add the following variables:
    * `name` - basic spider name that you could refer for later and that would be used to identify scrapped data.
    * `EXHIBITION_DATE`, `EXHIBITION_NAME`, `EXHIBITION_WEBSITE` - from the ticket description.
    * `URLS` - initial urls where we would extract exhibitors list from.
    * [optional] `HEADERS` - headers you want to send along with the initial request.
  * override two methods:
    * `fetch_exhibitors` - callback for initial urls. Select exhibitors here and add callback to the next method.
    * `parse_exhibitors` - extract exhibitor data and `yield` the `Exhibitor` item from this method.

Currently available pipelines (please add a simple documentation when you're creating new one):
* `PrefetchExhibitionDataPipeline` - pipeline which insert exhibition data you've provided as spider attribute.
* `ExportItemPipeline` - exports item to the CSV file.

## Running

To run your crawl, execute the following command in the root folder: `scrapy crawl [SPIDER_NAME]`

After you'd see the logs and output of the spider. Spider finish execution after it fetched all data.

Go to the `result/[SPIDER_NAME]` and you would find all crawl results here. Naming format is `Crawl-[CRAWL_START_DATETIME].csv`.

Feel free to use it and add some docs here when you create useful pipelines/middlewares.

## List of supported trade shows

- Atlanta Gift
- Casual Market
- Coverings
- Ed Spaces
- Furniture
- InterGiftSpider
- High Point Market
- Home Textiles Today
- Las Vegas Market
- LightFair
- National Hardware Show
- Neocon Hub
- Salone Milano
- Super Zoo

Commit message:

🆕 - Pool Spa Patio spider (#10)
* 🆕 - Pool Spa Patio spider

README.md, after:

# Trade Shows scrapping tool

[![.github/workflows/python-app.yml](https://github.com/daniktl/tradeshows-scrape/actions/workflows/python-app.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/daniktl/tradeshows-scrape/actions/workflows/python-app.yml)


Simple scrapping tool for extracting exhibitors data from the trade shows pages.

Current features:
* base spider with generating start request[s].
* base exhibitor item with predefined fields (feel free to expand it with new fields).
* export-to-csv pipeline [crawls for each spider are grouped in the folders].


## Configuration

To use this tool, be sure to install all packages, mentioned in `requirements.txt` file.

## Development

To develop new spider you have to make the following steps:

* check if spider exists for this trade show.
* if not, create spider file in the `spiders` folder (let's keep the same convention here: `trade_show_name_spider.py`).
  * inherit after the `BaseSpider` (or any existing base spider) which for now provides `start_requests` method.
  * add the following variables:
    * `name` - basic spider name that you could refer for later and that would be used to identify scrapped data.
    * `EXHIBITION_DATE`, `EXHIBITION_NAME`, `EXHIBITION_WEBSITE` - from the ticket description.
    * `URLS` - initial urls where we would extract exhibitors list from.
    * [optional] `HEADERS` - headers you want to send along with the initial request.
  * override two methods:
    * `fetch_exhibitors` - callback for initial urls. Select exhibitors here and add callback to the next method.
    * `parse_exhibitors` - extract exhibitor data and `yield` the `Exhibitor` item from this method.

Currently available pipelines (please add a simple documentation when you're creating new one):
* `PrefetchExhibitionDataPipeline` - pipeline which insert exhibition data you've provided as spider attribute.
* `ExportItemPipeline` - exports item to the CSV file.

## Running

To run your crawl, execute the following command in the root folder: `scrapy crawl [SPIDER_NAME]`

After you'd see the logs and output of the spider. Spider finish execution after it fetched all data.

Go to the `result/[SPIDER_NAME]` and you would find all crawl results here. Naming format is `Crawl-[CRAWL_START_DATETIME].csv`.

Feel free to use it and add some docs here when you create useful pipelines/middlewares.

## List of supported trade shows

- Atlanta Gift
- Casual Market
- Coverings _(based on A2Z)_
- Ed Spaces
- Furniture
- Inter Gift
- High Point Market
- Home Textiles Today
- Las Vegas Market
- Light Fair _(based on Map Your Show)_
- National Hardware Show
- Neocon Hub
- Pool Spa Patio Expo _(based on Map Your Show)_
- Salone Milano
- Super Zoo _(based on A2Z)_
